README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

This repo serves as the main repo for our Rails Projects. 


#### Version

```
  Ruby 2.7.2
  Rails 6.0.3.4
  NodeJS 12.18.3
  Yarn 1.22.4
```

#### Installation

Fork this repo:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/111437757-6c527f00-873e-11eb-8d0a-862e4158f4ab.png)

Then, clone your forked repo to your machine
```
  $ git clone git@github.com:<username>/rails-base-project.git <name of your app>
  $ cd <name of your app>
```

#### Setup

```
  $ bundle install
  $ rake db:setup
```

#### Starting the application

```
  $ rails server
```

#### How to run the test suite

```
  $ rspec
```

#### How to run the Ruby Linter

```
  $ rubocop
```

#### How to enable Github Workflow

<img width="906" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-23 at 10 10 52 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/112160501-2fe2bf80-8c25-11eb-8e2b-b9508711ec70.png">

<img width="1244" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-23 at 10 11 12 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/112160530-36713700-8c25-11eb-9f00-d69a3a36343f.png">

Commit message:

Set up starter repo with the agreed tool versions

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

This repo serves as the main repo for Justin and MU's Rails Project - a Stock Trading App. 


#### Versions

```
ruby 3.0.2
rails 6.0.3
yarn 1.22.4
nodejs 16.13.0

```

#### Installation

Fork this repo:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/111437757-6c527f00-873e-11eb-8d0a-862e4158f4ab.png)

Then, clone your forked repo to your machine
```
  $ git clone git@github.com:<username>/rails-base-project.git <name of your app>
  $ cd <name of your app>
```

#### Setup

1. Upgrade/downgrade nodejs to 16.13.0
2. Upgrade/downgrade yarn to 1.22.0
3. Upgrade/downgrade ruby to 3.0.2
4. Upgrade/downgrade rails to 6.1.4

```
  $ bundle install
  $ rails db:create
```
NOTE: project development db name should be: 'rails_project_development'


#### Starting the application

```
  $ rails server
```

#### How to run the test suite

```
  $ rspec
```

#### How to run the Ruby Linter

```
  $ rubocop
```

#### How to enable Github Workflow

<img width="906" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-23 at 10 10 52 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/112160501-2fe2bf80-8c25-11eb-8e2b-b9508711ec70.png">

<img width="1244" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-23 at 10 11 12 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9253881/112160530-36713700-8c25-11eb-9f00-d69a3a36343f.png">
